History of shimla //1
Best time to visit Shimla //2
How to reach Shimla //3
Road Condition of Shimla //4
Where to stay in Shimla //5
What to see in Shimla // not added
Things to do in Shimla //6
Weather of Shimla  // same as best time to visit
Conclusion

Important Tips //9
Food options in Shimla //7
Trip  Cost //8
bugjet
https://bookpacktravel.com/rishikesh-travel-guide/#7-budget

don't focus on money, focus on lifestyle
close your eyes and imagine the next 5 years

1) Make a website and do affilite marketing

1) use unique work
2) don't use comma or full stop.
3) first letter capital
4) only one word

https://www.nomadicmatt.com/travel-blogs/nomadic-network-update/

// Why is called scandelpoints?
Exactly why Shimla's 'Scandal Point' has been named so is still a mystery. got its name in the 19th century. 
In British India Maharaja of Patiala Bhupinder Singh fell in love with the daughter of the viceroy. It is believed that the king and viceroy’s daughter eloped from this point. 
Therefore, he was banned from entering Shimla. After that Maharaja Bhupinder Singh founded the new summer capital of Chail for himself. It' known as Chail Palace. Rooms are available here. if you want you can spend nights here.
Maharaja Bhupinder Singh also built the highest altitude cricket ground in Chail, which is around 8,018 ft above sea level.

https://www.tripoto.com/karnataka/trips/first-solo-trip-in-india-mysore-58f4ffabe71f0

Mysore is commonly known as the City of Palaces, and there are a total of seven palaces.
Mysore was ruled by demon king Mahishasura, hence came the name of this place Mahisooru. The city of demon Mahisha. The
demon was killed by Goddess Chamundeswari, whose temple is situated at the top of the Chamundi hills. now this place is called Mysuru(in the Kannada language).
Mysore Palace, also called Amba Vilas Palace, is one of the largest palaces in India. Situated in the state of Karnataka.
The Old Palace or the Wooden Palace was destroyed in a fire in 1897.
Maharaja Krishnaraja Wodeyar IV and his mother Maharani Kempananjammanni Devi, commissioned the British architect Henry Irwin to build a new palace.

April till July: Summer months are quite a bit sunny with the average temperature going between 22-39°C but the weather turns cool after the time of sunset. if you are planning to come at this time, don't forget to carry sunglasses, hats, water bottles and wear light cotton.

July till September: The city receives medium to heavy rainfall. The temperature ranges from 19*C to 29* C. don't forget to carry an umbrella and appropriate footwear.

October till March: This is the best time to visit Mysore. This is also the peak season for tourists in Mysore. The temperature ranges from 15*C to 27*C. Mysore is majorly known for its Dussehra and Navratri festival celebrations. make sure your bookings are done in advance and carry warm clothes.

The Mysore Airport, also known as Mandakalli airport is a domestic airport. The nearest International airport is the Kempegowda International Airport Bengaluru.
Travelers coming from abroad can book their tickets to Kempegowda International Airport Bengaluru, which is about 178km from Mysore. From Bengaluru, travelers can avail flights, bus, or train service to reach Mysore.

Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation(KSRTC) provides a large number of buses routed from Bengaluru. There are several private bus operators different types of buses like Private A/C, Volvo, Deluxe buses for the tourist traveling to Mysore. From Bengaluru, the bus will take 3hr to reach Mysore. Try reaching around 10 AM.

Mysore railway station is located in the heart of the main city. Mysore railway station has a large number of direct trains from Bangalore, it will take 2hr 30 mins to reach Mysore. Try to reach before 10 AM.

Dosa at Hotel Original Vinayaka Mylari
Dosa and Filter coffee at Gayatri Tiffin Room(GTR)
Hotel RRR for non-veg food
Mutton pulao at Hotel Hanumanthu original 1930
Tegu Mess for non-veg breakfast and lunch
Mysore Pak at guru sweet mart

For the solo traveler, Zostel is a good option.
If you are looking for some luxurious, then windflower resort and spa is a good option for you.
If you want to stay in a palace, then you can try the Lalitha Mahal Palace Hotel

https://hippie-inheels.com/indus-valley-ayurvedic-center-ivac-mysore-review/
Folklore Museumw
Indus Valley Ayurvedic Center

itachuna palace
bawali resort

Starting Point Bengaluru.
Take a bus or train from Bengaluru and try to reach around 10 AM and checked into your hotel/ hostel.
Try to reach Mysore Palace at 11:00 AM. You can book an Ola or Uber auto to reach Mysore palace. Ola or Uber auto's are easily available in Mysore. It will take a minimum of two and a half hr to visit the palace. Photography is strictly prohibited inside the palace.
Visit Jaganmohan Palace Art Gallery, is around 1 km away from Mysore Palace. It will take a minimum of 1 hr to visit the palace.
Visit St. Philomena's Cathedral church, which is around 3 km away from Jaganmohan Palace.
Book a cab and get off to Brindavan Gardens, is the quickest option to reach Brindavan Gardens. It is around 25 km away from St. Philomena's Cathedral church. Brindavan Gardens opens till 9 PM. You can also enjoy a Musical Fountains show in Brindavan Gardens. Musical Fountains show start's at 6:30 PM.
From Brindavan Gardens you did not find any cabs, you have to take a bus for Mysore.

Visit Chamundi hills before the city wakes up. It's around 13km away from the city. You can book an auto or cab to reach Chamundi hill or if you want to save money you can take a bus for Chamundi hill. Try to visit the Chamundi hills before 7:00. Mysore to Chamundi hill has a very good bus service. you will find frequent buss from the Mysore bus stand.
Visit the Mysore Sand Museum, at the time of return, you will find the Mysore Sand Museum on the way.
Visit the World Wax Museum, which is around 1 km away from Mysore Sand Museum.
Visit Mysore Zoo. Which is around 2.5 km away from the World Wax Museum. It will take a minimum of 3 hr to visit the Zoo.
Visit Karanji Lake.
Visit Funway(try Go karting), which is around 2.5 km away from Mysore zoo.
